
nonlin_tests - CrIS Nonlinearity Comparisons

cris_psinc   - Standard and periodic sinc ILS
                for the CrIS high resolution tests

ccast_noaa1  - CCAST and NOAA relative FOV response

noaa_rpt     - Summary report of CrIS (J1?) TVAC and full 
               res processing from fall 2014.

ccast_noaa2  - CCAST and NOAA 17–19 Feb 2015 SDR Algorithm
               Tests.  Includes obs minus calc.

ccast_noaa3  - New CrIS calibration Algorithm Comparisons.
               Aug 5 2015.  UMBC implementation of NOAA 4,
               includes obs minus calc.  5 Aug 2015.

extend_res   - Apodization of CrIS extended interferograms.
               2 Dec 2015.

a2adjust     - CrIS a2 adjustments from extended resolution
               data.  17 Feb 2016.  Created quite a stir.

ccast_noaa4  - CrIS extended resolution calibration algorithm
               comparisons.  10 May 2016.  Test setup similar 
               to ccast_noaa3.

mw_anom_t1   - A preliminary comparison of CrIS processing 
               algorithms after the SNPP CrIS MWIR anomaly.
               15 May 2019.  


review notes
-------------

Need to produce a final validation report and updates READMEs.
ccast in /home/motteler is the restored main repo, with both old
data files and up to date pull from github.

last validation report needs to explain the overall situation
better.

The list above is a prototype README for the ccast/valid directory.

If you just want to look at one report, see ccast_noaa4

A limitation on most of these test is that they were UMBC
implementations of the CCAST and NOAA 4 algorithms.  However
there are significant other differences in the processing.

(from slides) all tests are done with periodic sinc wrapping at the
sensor grid, cosine apodization of the extended res points, the old
a2 weights, and double Fourier interpolation to the user grid

The mw_anom report has a nice summary of ccast vs NOAA
differences, and includes actual NOAA data.  Unfortunately it does
not say anything about the different reference truth.

key thing that's needed is an explanation of reference truth.

"flat" reference truth is reference truth with a sinc basis,
calculated with kcarta and convolved to instrument specs.

"resp" reference truth is flat reference truth as above,
convolved with instrument responsivity.

It was somehow decided that reference truth convolved with
responsivity was acceptable as a benchmark for algorithm
development.

but this responsivith varies among the CrIS sounders, and as a
validation test this is like moving the target to match your shot.

The difference is between flat and responsivity reference truth is
significant, greater than 0.2K in the MW and SW bands.


